Documentation on docstrings (#3773)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Grammar.md

the `*/` inside the line comment and the string are seen as the end of the outer
comment, leaving trailing text that will provoke parsing errors.

## 2.5. Documentation comments

Like many other languages, Dafny permits _documentation comments_ in a program file.
Such comments contain natural language descriptions of program elements and may be used
by IDEs and documentation generation tools to present information to users.

In Dafny programs.

> * Documentation comments are recommended to begin with `/**`, though some 

Author: Rephrased

  comments that begin with `//` or /*` are also interpreted as doc-comments
* Doc-comments may be associated with any declaration, including type definitions and export declarations.
* They may be placed before or after the declaration. 
   * If before, it must be a `/**` comment and may not have any blank or white-space lines between the comment
     and the declaration.
   * If after any comments are placed after the signature (with no intervening lines), but before any
     specifications or left-brace that starts a body, and may be `//` or `/**` comments.
   * If doc-comments are in both places the content is concatenated.

> * Doc-comments after the declaration are preferred.

Author: OK

* If the first of a series of single-line or multi-line comments is interpreted as a doc-string, then any subsequent comments
  are appended to it, so long as there are no intervening lines, whether blank, all white-space or containing program text.

> * Within a multi-line doc-comment, on any line after the first one, 
>     * initial white-space is removed from the string if followed by a '*/'
>     * if there is initial white-space followed by a '*' or '* ', the white-space and
>       star and the optional space or tab character are removed
>     * the opening `/**` (plus any immediately following `*` characters and the closing
>       `*/` along with any immediately preceding '*' characters are also not part of the
>       documentation string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The extraction of the doc-string from a multiline comment follow these rules 
  * On the first line, an optional `*` right after `/*`and an optional space are removed, if present
  * On other lines, the indentation space (with possibly one star in it) is removed, as if the content was supposed to align with A if the comment started with `/** A` for example.
```
